## SecOpsViz
The security industry is rapidly developing and changing, creating a knowledge gap and skills shortage due to the challenging learning curve. SecOps analysts often burnout within the first 18 months of employment. Visualizations will help mitigate these issues so that security incidents are more quickly identified, investigated, and mitigated through pattern or trend anomalies. 
Our research has shown that currently, there is no standing network protocol analysis visualization tool for SecOps teams to leverage during the incident response process. Instead they must rely on asking other analysts or Wireshark’s I/O Graphics feature which requires a robust learning curve and is visually unhelpful. Additionally, visualizations help expedite the speed of identifying security gaps that may have been missed or taken a significant amount of time to come across. Analysts and students also often struggle with the overwhelming amount of data typical network analysis tools display which in turn contributes to a time consuming onboarding process and learning curve.
The SecOps Visualization tool will allow SecOps analysts to read and dynamically visualize packet logs leading to faster identification, investigation, and mitigation KPI’s. Analysts may use visualizations to add meaning to documentation, present to execs, and onboard employees. Professors may use visualizations to better teach students what an incident may look like through the lens of a network protocol analyzation tool.  
	The design of the SecOps visualization tool includes a raw data dashboard and two visualizations for port traffic and network connections. The analysts have easy access to filter down through the raw data dashboard before investigating further events through the visualizations.
	The SecOps visualization tool is coded in D3 v6 and Javascript.
Next steps for this project include increasing the number of visualizations available to users, like a geographic map of ip address locations and ports. 

